DOC-1675: Added newline_behavior option (#2469)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/newline_behavior.adoc

[[newline_behavior]]
== `+newline_behavior+`

> NOTE: This option is only available for TinyMCE 6.1 and later.

Reviewer: I mentioned this on Luke's PR but this should be a partial and included instead of being duplicated across all these changes: https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/2471#discussion_r918548089

Author: I guess I just won't merge until that's in staging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include::partial$misc/admon-requires-6.1v.adoc[]
```

> This option enables you to adjust what happens when enter or return is pressed. There are four options:

Reviewer: `you` is a pronoun is something we should avoid as per the style guide: https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/blob/staging/docs-6/CONTRIBUTING.md#pronouns

```suggestion
This option enables adjusting what happens when the enter or return key is pressed. There are four options:
```

Author: This is literally copy/paste from forced_root_block with some adjustments. There are 112 instances of `enables you`, I feel like they would be better changed all at once... for consistency if nothing else.

> This option enables you to adjust what happens when enter or return is pressed. There are four options:
> 
> * `default` inserts a block (defined by xref:content-filtering.adoc#forced_root_block[forced_root_block]) on enter, and a `br` tag on shift+enter
> * `block` forces the above enter behaviour in all cases
> * `linebreak` forces the above shift+enter behaviour in all cases
> * `invert` swaps enter and shift+enter behaviors
> 
> NOTE: This option changes the behaviour of the `mceInsertNewLine` command. `insertParagraph` and `InsertLineBreak` commands are not affected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option enables you to adjust what happens when Enter or Return is pressed. There are four options:

* `default` inserts a block (defined by xref:content-filtering.adoc#forced_root_block[forced_root_block]) on Enter, and a `br` tag on Shift+Enter.
* `block` forces the above Enter behavior in all cases.
* `linebreak` forces the above Shift+Enter behavior in all cases.
* `invert` swaps Enter and Shift+Enter behaviors.

NOTE: This option changes the behavior of the `mceInsertNewLine` command. `insertParagraph` and `InsertLineBreak` commands are not affected.
```
Copy edits: s/behaviour/behavior/; capitalising Key Cap names; and full-stops at the end of each bullet point.

Author: I thought I was careful, but clearly my fingers just put a `u` in when I'm not paying attention.
